[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: Making your
app work offline
is one of the cornerstones of
a good progressive web app.
But not everything can
be made to work offline.
And letting your users know
what they can and cannot do is
important for a smooth
user experience.
As a simple example, while
the landing page of your blog
will surely be
available offline,
you probably won't have
all your posts cached.
Some blog posts on the
landing page can be clicked,
while others cannot.
To convey this to the
user, a simple trick
is to fade out the
links of articles
that are not available.
When the offline
event is omitted,
you can traverse all your links,
check if they're in the cache
by using the cache
API, and set a style
that fades the text out.
Additionally, set
pointer events to none,
so that they become unclickable.
When the online
event is omitted,
remove the stars
again, and everything
will be back to normal.
And that's it-- a simple trick
with a couple lines of code
to make your UI respond to
changes in connectivity.
Keep in mind, though, that an
online event doesn't actually
mean the user has connectivity.
For example, they could
be behind a captive portal
at an airport.
So Li-Fi is a thing.
See you next time.
If you like Supercharged,
you should probably
subscribe to this
channel, so you
know about all the new videos.
Or if you don't
want to wait, you
can watch our most recent
live stream over there.
And actually, you
should do both.